[NUI][CustomView] Added more detailed example. (#1344)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/nui/customview.md

    ![Contact View](media/contact.png)

    ```
    public ContactView(string contactName, string resDir) : base(typeof(ContactView).Name, CustomViewBehaviour.ViewBehaviourDefault)
        {
            CreateBackground(new Vector4(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f));
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/cbg.png", 10.0f, 5.0f, 100.0f, 100.0f, CONTACT_BG_ICON_INDEX);
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/contact.png", 10.0f, 5.0f, 100.0f, 100.0f, CONTACT_ICON_INDEX);
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/edit.png", 130.0f, 40.0f, 50.0f, 50.0f, CONTACT_EDIT_INDEX);
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/favorite.png", 180.0f, 40.0f, 50.0f, 50.0f, CONTACT_FAVORITE_INDEX);
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/delete.png", 640.0f, 40.0f, 50.0f, 50.0f, CONTACT_DELETE_INDEX);
            CreateLabel(name);
        }
    ```

6. Implementation of `Visuals` used in the `ContactView` example is shown in the following example:

>     > [!IMPORTANT] 

Reviewer: @nawab-samsung, @mijin85cho 
Here is my opinion:
Important and recommended do not go along.
If it is important then it is unavoidable or critical. If it is recommended then it is a suggestion.

So we could change this to a Note as per me as it is recommendation and not a mandatory step.

Reviewer 2: @annie-samsung 

@mihashco @mijin85cho : Kindly let me know your opinion regarding the same, you can refer to the discussion here: 

https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1344#discussion_r524873982

>     > [!IMPORTANT] 
>     > It is recommended to get yourself familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before you start implementing your own `CustomView`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
    > [!NOTE] 
    > It is recommended to get yourself familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before you start implementing your own `CustomView`.
```
After discussion with, @mijin85cho, as well as @annie-samsung, we came to a consensus on using note. So, suggest going with note tag only. 

Thanks. 
So request you to kindly change [!IMPORTANT] to [!NOTE]

>     To start with, you need to define valid indexes for registering `Visuals` in the `CustomView`. These Indexes help you in setting a layer depth of `Visual` and bind it with the current view. In the `ContactView` example following indexes are used:

Reviewer: Indexes here is in caps? All other places seems in lower case.

Author: Fixed by @nawab-samsung

>     To start with, you need to define valid indexes for registering `Visuals` in the `CustomView`. These Indexes help you in setting a layer depth of `Visual` and bind it with the current view. In the `ContactView` example following indexes are used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To start with, you need to define valid indexes for registering `Visuals` in the `CustomView`. These indexes help you in setting a layer depth of a `Visual` and bind it with the current view. In the `ContactView` example following indexes are used:

        ```
            private const int BASE_INDEX = 10000;
            private const int BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 1;
            private const int LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 2;
            private const int CONTACT_BG_ICON_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 3;
            private const int CONTACT_ICON_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 4;
            private const int CONTACT_EDIT_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 5;
            private const int CONTACT_FAVORITE_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 6;
            private const int CONTACT_DELETE_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 7;
        ```

>   The following code snippet shows how `Visuals` can be created:

Reviewer 2: I was doing the final check, the alignment is a little wrong. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/100716520-d5f08c80-33de-11eb-8945-381107d4e409.png)

We need to move 

The following code snippet shows how `Visuals` can be created: 

code 

to right such that the whole thing will be under point 6. 

![yui](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/100717024-83fc3680-33df-11eb-8515-5b40d492abed.jpg)

>    In the next section `Visuals` creation is described:     

Reviewer 2: Just to make sentences clear, suggesting the following change: 
```suggestion   
  The following code snippet shows how `Visuals` can be created:

>         In the next section `Visuals` creation is described:     

Reviewer 2: This line needs to be indented to the left, such that it comes out of the code block.

Ideally, it is outside code blocks as one block ends at the top & one starts after it. kindly check it. 

Thanks!

Author: Just for sure, 4 spaces will be ok for that line?

Reviewer 2: We just need to ensure that this is not rendered as code.

Reviewer 2: @mihashco we need probably 3 backspaces.

Author: Fixed, thank you

                imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(x, y)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(w, h)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Origin, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.AnchorPoint, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin));
                icon.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
                RegisterVisual(index, icon);
                icon.DepthIndex = index;
            }
        ```

> 7. In the main application class `ContactView` can be used to create a contact list view as shown in the `Initialize()` as follows:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. In the main application class, `ContactView` can be used to create a contact list view as shown in the `Initialize()` as follows:

> 7. In the main application class `ContactView` may be used to create a contact list view as shown in the `Initialize()` method code as follows:  

Reviewer 2: Just to make sentences clear, suggesting the following change: 

```suggestion 
7. In the main application class `ContactView` can be used to create a contact list view as shown in the `Initialize()` as follows:  
```

            PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
            imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(x, y)))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(w, h)))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Origin, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.AnchorPoint, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin));

            icon.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));

            RegisterVisual(index, icon);
            icon.DepthIndex = index;
        }
    ```

> 

Author: That is no problem for me. Thank you for review. I changed alignement of Important fragment in this doc.

>     ```
>     private void CreateBackground(Vector4 color)
>         {
>             PropertyMap map = new PropertyMap();
>             map.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Color))
>                .Add(ColorVisualProperty.MixColor, new PropertyValue(color));
> 
>             VisualBase background = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(map);
>             RegisterVisual(BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX, background);
>             background.DepthIndex = BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX;
>         }
>     
>     private void CreateLabel(string text)
>         {
>             PropertyMap textVisual = new PropertyMap();
>             textVisual.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Text))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.Text, new PropertyValue(text))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.TextColor, new PropertyValue(Color.Black))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.PointSize, new PropertyValue(12))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.HorizontalAlignment, new PropertyValue("CENTER"))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.VerticalAlignment, new PropertyValue("CENTER"));
> 
>             VisualBase label = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(textVisual);
>             RegisterVisual(LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX, label);
>             label.DepthIndex = LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX;
> 
>             //Setup position and size policy for visual
>             PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
>             imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(30, 5)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(350, 100)));
> 
>             label.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
>         }
>   
>      private void CreateIcon(string url, float x, float y, float w, float h, int index)
>         {
>             PropertyMap map = new PropertyMap();
>             PropertyMap transformMap = new PropertyMap();
> 
>             map.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Image))
>                .Add(ImageVisualProperty.URL, new PropertyValue(url));
> 
>             VisualBase icon = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(map);
> 
>             PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
>             imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(x, y)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(w, h)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Origin, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.AnchorPoint, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin));
> 
>             icon.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
> 
>             RegisterVisual(index, icon);
>             icon.DepthIndex = index;
>         }
>     ```

Reviewer 2: @mihashco we must align the text as well as code under point 6. 

```suggestion
6. Implementation of `Visuals` used in the `ContactView` example is shown in the following example:

    > [!IMPORTANT] 
    > It is recommended to get yourself familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before you start implementing your own `CustomView`.
    
    To start with, you need to define valid indexes for registering `Visuals` in the `CustomView`. These Indexes help you in setting a layer depth of `Visual` and bind it with the current view. In the `ContactView` example following indexes are used:

        ```
            private const int BASE_INDEX = 10000;
            private const int BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 1;
            private const int LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 2;
            private const int CONTACT_BG_ICON_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 3;
            private const int CONTACT_ICON_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 4;
            private const int CONTACT_EDIT_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 5;
            private const int CONTACT_FAVORITE_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 6;
            private const int CONTACT_DELETE_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 7;
        ```

        In the next section `Visuals` creation is described:     

        ```
        private void CreateBackground(Vector4 color)
            {
                PropertyMap map = new PropertyMap();
                map.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Color))
                .Add(ColorVisualProperty.MixColor, new PropertyValue(color));
                VisualBase background = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(map);
                RegisterVisual(BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX, background);
                background.DepthIndex = BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX;
            }
        
        private void CreateLabel(string text)
            {
                PropertyMap textVisual = new PropertyMap();
                textVisual.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Text))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.Text, new PropertyValue(text))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.TextColor, new PropertyValue(Color.Black))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.PointSize, new PropertyValue(12))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.HorizontalAlignment, new PropertyValue("CENTER"))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.VerticalAlignment, new PropertyValue("CENTER"));
                VisualBase label = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(textVisual);
                RegisterVisual(LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX, label);
                label.DepthIndex = LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX;
                //Setup position and size policy for visual
                PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
                imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(30, 5)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(350, 100)));
                label.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
            }
    
        private void CreateIcon(string url, float x, float y, float w, float h, int index)
            {
                PropertyMap map = new PropertyMap();
                PropertyMap transformMap = new PropertyMap();
                map.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Image))
                .Add(ImageVisualProperty.URL, new PropertyValue(url));
                VisualBase icon = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(map);
                PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
                imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(x, y)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(w, h)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Origin, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.AnchorPoint, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin));
                icon.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
                RegisterVisual(index, icon);
                icon.DepthIndex = index;
            }
        ```

>     private void CreateBackground(Vector4 color)
>         {
>             PropertyMap map = new PropertyMap();
>             map.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Color))
>                .Add(ColorVisualProperty.MixColor, new PropertyValue(color));
> 
>             VisualBase background = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(map);
>             RegisterVisual(BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX, background);
>             background.DepthIndex = BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX;
>         }
>     
>     private void CreateLabel(string text)
>         {
>             PropertyMap textVisual = new PropertyMap();
>             textVisual.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Text))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.Text, new PropertyValue(text))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.TextColor, new PropertyValue(Color.Black))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.PointSize, new PropertyValue(12))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.HorizontalAlignment, new PropertyValue("CENTER"))
>                       .Add(TextVisualProperty.VerticalAlignment, new PropertyValue("CENTER"));
> 
>             VisualBase label = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(textVisual);
>             RegisterVisual(LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX, label);
>             label.DepthIndex = LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX;
> 
>             //Setup position and size policy for visual
>             PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
>             imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(30, 5)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(350, 100)));
> 
>             label.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
>         }
>   
>      private void CreateIcon(string url, float x, float y, float w, float h, int index)
>         {
>             PropertyMap map = new PropertyMap();
>             PropertyMap transformMap = new PropertyMap();
> 
>             map.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Image))
>                .Add(ImageVisualProperty.URL, new PropertyValue(url));
> 
>             VisualBase icon = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(map);
> 
>             PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
>             imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(x, y)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(w, h)))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Origin, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin))
>                                 .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.AnchorPoint, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin));
> 
>             icon.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
> 
>             RegisterVisual(index, icon);
>             icon.DepthIndex = index;
>         }
>     ```
> 

Reviewer 2: @mihashco we must align the text as well as code under point 6. 

```suggestion
6. Implementation of `Visuals` used in the `ContactView` example is shown in the following example:

    > [!IMPORTANT] 
    > It is recommended to get yourself familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before you start implementing your own `CustomView`.
    
    To start with, you need to define valid indexes for registering `Visuals` in the `CustomView`. These Indexes help you in setting a layer depth of `Visual` and bind it with the current view. In the `ContactView` example following indexes are used:

        ```
            private const int BASE_INDEX = 10000;
            private const int BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 1;
            private const int LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 2;
            private const int CONTACT_BG_ICON_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 3;
            private const int CONTACT_ICON_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 4;
            private const int CONTACT_EDIT_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 5;
            private const int CONTACT_FAVORITE_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 6;
            private const int CONTACT_DELETE_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 7;
        ```

        In the next section `Visuals` creation is described:     

        ```
        private void CreateBackground(Vector4 color)
            {
                PropertyMap map = new PropertyMap();
                map.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Color))
                .Add(ColorVisualProperty.MixColor, new PropertyValue(color));
                VisualBase background = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(map);
                RegisterVisual(BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX, background);
                background.DepthIndex = BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX;
            }
        
        private void CreateLabel(string text)
            {
                PropertyMap textVisual = new PropertyMap();
                textVisual.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Text))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.Text, new PropertyValue(text))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.TextColor, new PropertyValue(Color.Black))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.PointSize, new PropertyValue(12))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.HorizontalAlignment, new PropertyValue("CENTER"))
                        .Add(TextVisualProperty.VerticalAlignment, new PropertyValue("CENTER"));
                VisualBase label = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(textVisual);
                RegisterVisual(LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX, label);
                label.DepthIndex = LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX;
                //Setup position and size policy for visual
                PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
                imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(30, 5)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(350, 100)));
                label.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
            }
    
        private void CreateIcon(string url, float x, float y, float w, float h, int index)
            {
                PropertyMap map = new PropertyMap();
                PropertyMap transformMap = new PropertyMap();
                map.Add(Visual.Property.Type, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.Type.Image))
                .Add(ImageVisualProperty.URL, new PropertyValue(url));
                VisualBase icon = VisualFactory.Instance.CreateVisual(map);
                PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
                imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(x, y)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(w, h)))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Origin, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin))
                                    .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.AnchorPoint, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin));
                icon.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));
                RegisterVisual(index, icon);
                icon.DepthIndex = index;
            }
        ```

    }
    ```

> 5. Define the constructor to create an instance of the custom view. In this case, the `ContactView` is created with the `contactName` parameter, and the resource directory path points to the icons. Additionally, the `base` constructor has to be called with the type name and view behavior as described in the subsequent section. In a nonstatic constructor, `Visuals` used to create a custom view should be created. For instance, in the following `ContactView` example one label, background, and a few icons are shown:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
5. Define the constructor to create an instance of the custom view. In this case, the `ContactView` is created with the `contactName` parameter, and the resource directory path points to the icons. Additionally, the `base` constructor has to be called with the type name and view behavior as described in the subsequent section. In a nonstatic constructor, `Visuals` used to create a custom view should be created. For instance, in the following `ContactView` example, one label, background, and a few icons are shown:

    ![Contact View](media/contact.png)

    ```
    public ContactView(string contactName, string resDir) : base(typeof(ContactView).Name, CustomViewBehaviour.ViewBehaviourDefault)
        {
            CreateBackground(new Vector4(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f));
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/cbg.png", 10.0f, 5.0f, 100.0f, 100.0f, CONTACT_BG_ICON_INDEX);
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/contact.png", 10.0f, 5.0f, 100.0f, 100.0f, CONTACT_ICON_INDEX);
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/edit.png", 130.0f, 40.0f, 50.0f, 50.0f, CONTACT_EDIT_INDEX);
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/favorite.png", 180.0f, 40.0f, 50.0f, 50.0f, CONTACT_FAVORITE_INDEX);
            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/delete.png", 640.0f, 40.0f, 50.0f, 50.0f, CONTACT_DELETE_INDEX);
            CreateLabel(name);
        }
    ```

> 6. Implementation of `Visuals` used in the `ContactView` example is shown as follows. It is recommended to get yourself familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before you start implementing your own `CustomView`.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest something like this: 
What is your opinion?
```suggestion 
6. Implementation of `Visuals` used in the `ContactView` example is shown in the following example:

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> It is recommended to get yourself familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before you start implementing your own `CustomView`.

Reviewer 3: @annie-samsung When you do cross check @nawab-samsung's review, would you please leave your opinion about this also?
In my view, the "Important" mark is for the essential information required for user success. So to use to "It is recommended to get yourself familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before you start implementing your own `CustomView`.", "Important" mark is too heavy. I think not editing it would be better.

**Reference :** https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/blob/master/styleguide/custom-style.md#alerts-note-tip-important-caution-warning

Reviewer 2: @mijin85cho  I just wished to get an opinion regarding the same, 

My intention is/was as follows: 
The important element is for adding extra emphasis to general information. 

In this case, 
 A developer X must get familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before implementing `CustomView`. 
So that implicitly becomes a requirement that is important to accomplish the task actually, so this is mandatory for user success. 

I would like to learn if my opinion is wrong.

Author: @nawab-samsung You understand is correct. In my opinion 3rd party developer should read Visuals page before start with custom view.

Reviewer: @nawab-samsung, @mijin85cho @mihashco

Please find my opinion here:
https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1344#discussion_r533127062

            PropertyMap imageVisualTransform = new PropertyMap();
            imageVisualTransform.Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Offset, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(x, y)))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.OffsetPolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.SizePolicy, new PropertyValue(new Vector2((int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute, (int)VisualTransformPolicyType.Absolute)))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Size, new PropertyValue(new Vector2(w, h)))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.Origin, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin))
                                .Add((int)VisualTransformPropertyType.AnchorPoint, new PropertyValue((int)Visual.AlignType.CenterBegin));

            icon.SetTransformAndSize(imageVisualTransform, new Vector2(this.SizeWidth, this.SizeHeight));

            RegisterVisual(index, icon);
            icon.DepthIndex = index;
        }
    ```

> 7. In the main application class `ContactView` may be used to create a contact list view as shown in the Initialize()` method code as follows:  

Reviewer 2: You seem to have missed ` code tag
```suggestion
7. In the main application class `ContactView` may be used to create a contact list view as shown in the `Initialize()` method code as follows:

            CreateIcon(resDir + "/images/delete.png", 640.0f, 40.0f, 50.0f, 50.0f, CONTACT_DELETE_INDEX);
            CreateLabel(name);
        }
    ```

6. Implementation of `Visuals` used in the `ContactView` example is shown in the following example:

> [!IMPORTANT] 
> It is recommended to get yourself familiarized with [Visuals](visuals.md) before you start implementing your own `CustomView`.

   To start with, you need to define valid indexes for registering `Visuals` in the `CustomView`. These Indexes help you in setting a layer depth of `Visual` and bind it with the current view. In the `ContactView` example following indexes are used:

    ```
        private const int BASE_INDEX = 10000;
        private const int BACKGROUND_VISUAL_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 1;
        private const int LABEL_VISUAL_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 2;
        private const int CONTACT_BG_ICON_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 3;
        private const int CONTACT_ICON_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 4;
        private const int CONTACT_EDIT_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 5;
        private const int CONTACT_FAVORITE_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 6;
        private const int CONTACT_DELETE_INDEX = BASE_INDEX + 7;
    ```

>     In the next section `Visuals` creation is described:     

Reviewer 2: ![113](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43839737/99369271-390ff880-28e2-11eb-8e4c-a9ec6d8e9991.PNG)

- Just happened to check the page on staging, line 128 is rendering as code. 
- Request you to align the text 1-2 spaces to left such that the text becomes normal (As you already know by default 4 spaces is treated as code block on Github)

Is code styling at 122, 133. 135, 159, 161, etc needed? If not, can you please do the needful by removing them and just keep one at the start and one at the end? and If these are kept purposefully, then it is fine.

Author: Changed.
